hi hey whoa fleurs Tony Wagner here or
bonehead 233 thanks for the hundred
thousand views that's pretty cool and
yeah like 140 so since forever so so
I'll shout out thank you for following
and keeping up there's gonna be some
Google football coming up around here
soon so well that being said I'm going
to do a remake of my stuff video see now
my original stuff video I was using this
knife here is a gerber knife and those
teeth on there were good but I come to
realize that they were cutting too deep
into the ball and it was actually
laughing ball has been hit a few times
didn't break they would be striding I
have breaks across the
part right here and yeah so I decided
that this life doesn't cut any more i've
been using a new knife and it's been in
my last few videos here is another knife
that i used to use and we can see how it
has spaces so you have like this and
then this this is what we want we want
all you can see that we want it like
that and then the space a book this was
okay now if i stopped using it so now
this isn't if we want all wand flowing
motion and it's a pretty deep ridge on
there you can see that it's a brand new
ball just a fresh bowl got a whole box
of balls pretty awesome should i go to a
ball you can juggle same pattern star
from the bottom and go up ok and I'll do
one and then we do them all one will
show you guys and then I'll do all of
them all show and then i'll do same
thing the top so you want to laugh in
the middle want this to come up here we
kind of stopped it out right here
it's raised up now and that's what you
want there's another way and I've been
kind of practicing testing this out you
can kind of turn the knife sideways and
when you cut into it it actually is like
peels the outer layer of the ball up a
little bit and that actually catches the
wyndham you know the movement of the
ball so that one's something you can try
out to you guys can test that out and
let me know what you guys think but
right now I've been using this pattern
and you can ask Kevin and Sylvie and a
couple of these other guys that I've
been dialed in with this pattern
again we want to be firm you want to
have a firm suppressing their
and when you make a cut that you don't
go over it again you just one go it's
like when you drill board you get one
shot at it if you try to cut over the
same line you'll actually push down the
ridge that you created and if you can
see it's coming up real nice on here so
if you go across the same line you'll
end up pushing that raised part down in
the ball and you lose that inconsistency
and if all the phrase they come on their
leave moment now go to the top from one
line without going without actually
being on the line start above it and
then just go straight across to the
other line so again just one line right
down the center of the ball there
choose one side and you keep going to
about right you know to wear one of the
lines come and that's one side now I'm
gonna do the other side whole sections
done I'm gonna go ahead and go back just
gonna run across this Hank
ok now we have the top down okay I went
all the way down to the side see that
and now I'm gonna do besides right here
okay what's good is since I went down
like that it actually already started
going both back and forth and I'm just
gonna add more so there's one side now
i'm gonna go back around the other side
and this fall will get done trust okay
all the way around the holes are okay on
the top and then the bottom fall is good
to go here from California message me
okay send me message you wanna play I
know that Underwood is holding his
league and we have games here in the Bay
Area pretty often every month or so so
reach out there many questions comments
leave them down below and just hit me up
don't don't be afraid to ask anything I
don't get upset with any student
questions any video requests I'll take
some of those too I haven't had many
video costs some people want to see all
the equipment I use so i would i will be
on that if anybody wants to purchase
this stuff better i can tell you this
ball right here my hand